My Artwork for me is called "Cheese Trap". The name could interpreted as a trap that is covered by cheese to attract cheese lover OR a pile of poor cheeses being trapped here. 

My code actually went through durastic changes. At first I wanted to use text and wrote "ReAd Me" all over the canvas rotated in different angles. But I found it a little boring so I changed it into food names. However, it still didnt look good becuase the text was really thin. I tried to change the stroke width of the text but after looking for how to do that on the cheat sheet, there wasnt an option to alter the stroke width for text. But I discovered that I can adjust the storke width for shapes! So I decided to use shapes instead, and went with "cheese" becuase squares looks like cheese. By increasing value in strokeWeight(), I can change the stroke length however I want. I find this very helpful becasue I dont need to use zoom inorder to adjust the stroke, and most of the time the stroke looks very thin and doesnt look good. 

After knowing I can use color picker, I also found it much easier to make the outcome look nicer since I dont need to guess anymore. Hence I went with different tones of orange. 

Challenges I faced:
For my piece, I wanted to rotate my cheeses and for them to be rotated ramdomly each. But when I put in rotate, they rotated all together from the origin. Hence when I put a bigger number as the rotating angle, alot of my cheeses went off the screen, and it wasnt what I wanted. I solved this problem by adding translate and to make the "origin" be every cheese itself, I put xPos and yPos and the origin. 

But there was a new challenge. I asked for many many cheeses, but after running the code, I only ended up with 1. I realized it was becuase the funtion didnt reset, so everytime the cheese would end up in the same place same angle (?) After seeking help from others, I realized that putting pushMatrix and popMatrix would solve the problem becuase it would reset the function everytime it runs. 

Overall, I think it was a pretty nice piece of work. I liked the outcome, and it looked kind of cute and appetizing. It made me understood how to use rotation, trasnlate, popMatrix and pushMatrix, and play around with the color. In addition, it was also fun to think about what meaning to give behind this work. 

While I was thinking about the meaning, it made me think about the discussion that we had last week on "what is art" For me, my code art almost never end up looking like what i initially intent it to be. I beleive that intention and expression is very important to call an art art. Even thought I might have an intension/plan/or something I want to express, I always end up throwing them aside and work with what actually looks nice and experiment; not thinking about intentions much. Although similar experience would sometimes happen in painting or drawing (where i would instictly try and make things look nice despite my initial intentions), but I feel like in coding, (perhaps becuase I don't have the skill to create at will yet) intention plays a much less part. And so far the creation proccess  is more tiral and error, which is completely foriegn from how I practiced art. However, changing a perspective, I feel like this is also a challenge or chance for me to broaden my view and rethink about what is art. Or perhaps I wouldn't feel the same once I am able to do more things with coding?

